README.md, before:

# Angelcam Developer docs

Sources for http://developers.angelcam.com, API and guides documentation, generated by [Dapperdox](http://dapperdox.io/) from Markdown (guides) and Swagger (API reference) files.

## Running

For your convenience there is `build_run.sh` script for quick rebuild and run during your local development.

Advanced users might want to run run Dapperdox developer website from this image themselves. In order to do so they must

* choose host machine port - Dapperdox runs on 3123 and it's best to use the same on host
* map your Dapperdox sources to `/dapperdox/` in container
* choose container meaningful name like 'developer-docs`

In words of commandline e.g.:

    $ docker run --rm --name developer-docs -p 3123:3123 -v ~/git/developer-docs/dapperdox_src:/dapperdox angelcam/developer-docs
    
Then go to http://localhost:3123 in your web browser and enjoy!

## Configuration

It is recommended to configure Dapperdox running inside Docker container via environment variables. Equivalent variable names for commandline options is found in [Dapperdox configuration guide](http://dapperdox.io/docs/configuration-guide).

By default specdir is set to `/dapperdox/specs` and assets to `/dapperdox/assets`. Because subfolders in `dapperdox_src/` have already these names, Dapperdox is configured to only map `/dapperdox/` to `dapperdox_src/`.

To override or modify configuration, for example to change a specdir, set environment variable `SPEC_DIR` with `-e`:

    $ docker run --rm --name developer-docs -p 3123:3123 -v ~/git/developer-docs/dapperdox_src:dapperdox_src:/dapperdox -e "SPEC_DIR=/path/to/my/specdir" angelcam/developer-docs
    
## Rebuild and push image

After every change in Markdown or Swagger file(s), you must rebuild and push image.

For your convenience there is `build_push.sh` script for quick rebuild and pushing under `angelcam/developer-docs`. You must be `docker login` to push as Docker Hub angelcam user.

To build only, run `build.sh`. To perform all three steps, run `build_push_run.sh`.

Commit message:

Conversion from Swagger JSON to YAML

README.md, after:

# Angelcam Developer docs

Sources for http://developers.angelcam.com, API and guides documentation, generated by [Dapperdox](http://dapperdox.io/) from Markdown (guides) and Swagger (API reference) files.

## Writing

Dapperdox is tool for documenting APIs. Every API documentation can contain

* textual guides in [GFM Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) 
* API reference in [OpenAPI](http://swagger.io/specification/) (formerly known as Swagger) in `dapperdox_src/spec/`

Dapperdox combines both into single portal website. We currently publish only API ("Angelcam API") but it supports even multiple API documentations (in future it can be "billing API", "dispatcher API" etc.)

All content lies in `dapperdox_src/` folder:

* `dapperdox_src/assets/` contains guides and content overlays
* `dapperdox_src/specs/` contains only one file `swagger.yaml`

OpenAPI specification must be exactly named `swagger.yaml`. No other filename or writing in JSON is supported. Dapperdox can read only OpenAPI in JSON thus this image convert `dapperdox_src/specs/swagger.yaml` to `swagger.json` on each build. In other words, don't create or modify `swagger.json` as it will be overwritten.

Study yourself [Dapperdox authoring content concepts](http://dapperdox.io/docs/author-concepts) how to write a new content.

## Running

*We strongly recommend perform all the boring steps bellow with  convenient `build_run.sh` script.*

First prerequirements is convert Swagger in YAML to JSON which Dapperdox only supports. Image contains a script to do it. If you use `build_run.sh` this is done for you. To call it manually, execute command similar to this:

    $ docker run --rm -it -v ~/git/developer-docs/dapperdox_src:/dapperdox angelcam/developer-docs yaml_to_json.py /dapperdox/specs
    
For example above, it will create `~/git/developer-docs/dapperdox_src/specs/swagger.json`.

To run run Dapperdox developer website from this image you also must:

* choose host machine port - Dapperdox runs on 3123 and it's best to use the same on host
* map your Dapperdox sources to `/dapperdox/` in container
* choose container meaningful name like 'developer-docs`

In words of commandline e.g.:

    $ docker run --rm --name developer-docs -p 3123:3123 -v ~/git/developer-docs/dapperdox_src:/dapperdox angelcam/developer-docs

Then go to http://localhost:3123 in your web browser and enjoy!

## Configuration

It is recommended to configure Dapperdox running inside Docker container via environment variables. Equivalent variable names for commandline options is found in [Dapperdox configuration guide](http://dapperdox.io/docs/configuration-guide).

By default specdir is set to `/dapperdox/specs` and assets to `/dapperdox/assets`. Because subfolders in `dapperdox_src/` have already these names, Dapperdox is configured to only map `/dapperdox/` to `dapperdox_src/`.

To override or modify configuration, for example to change a specdir, set environment variable `SPEC_DIR` with `-e`:

    $ docker run --rm --name developer-docs -p 3123:3123 -v ~/git/developer-docs/dapperdox_src:dapperdox_src:/dapperdox -e "SPEC_DIR=/path/to/my/specdir" angelcam/developer-docs
    
## Rebuild and push image

After every change in Markdown or Swagger file(s), you must rebuild and push image.

For your convenience there is `build_push.sh` script for quick rebuild and pushing under `angelcam/developer-docs`. You must be `docker login` to push as Docker Hub angelcam user.

To build only, run `build.sh`. To perform all three steps, run `build_push_run.sh`.
